.\" Copyright (c) 2020 Jose Fernando Lopez Fernandez <jflopezfernandez@gmail.com>
.\" October 16, 2020 [02:13:11 PM EDT]
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(GPLv2+_DOC_FULL)
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, see
.\" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.TH CALCULATE_EDIT_DISTANCE 3  2020-10-16 "xlibs Manual"
.SH NAME
calculate_edit_distance \- calculate the edit distance 
between two strings
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <xlibs/strings.h>
.PP
.BI "size_t calculate_edit_distance(edit_distance_type_t " edit_distance_type ", const char* " a ", const char* " b );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B calculate_edit_distance()
function is the primary interface by which the edit distance
between two strings may be calculated. The caller specifies
the desired edit distance metric via the
.IR edit_distance_type
parameter.
.LP
The
.B calculate_levenshtein_distance()
function uses the Fischer-Wagner algorithm to calculate the
Levenshtein edit distance between two strings.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The return value of the function is an unsigned long integer
representing the edit distance between the two strings.
.SH ERRORS
.SH NOTES
.\".SH BUGS
.SH EXAMPLES
.SH SEE ALSO
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of the initial release of the xlibs C
strings extension library. A description of the project,
information about reporting bugs, and the latest version of
this page can be found at
\%https://github.com/jflopezfernandez/xlibs/.
